Ingredients.
Cupcakes
1 2/3 cups cake flour
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 cup unsalted butter, softened 
1/4 cup vegetable oil
1 cup plus 2 tablespoons white sugar
2 large eggs, at room temperature
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon almond extract
2/3 cup full-fat sour cream, at room temperature
1/3 cup 2% milk, at room temperature

Directions
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line 2 standard cupcake pans with liners.

Sift flour, baking powder, 3/4 teaspoon salt, baking soda, and nutmeg together in a bowl.

In a large bowl, beat butter, vegetable oil, and sugar together with an electric mixer until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add in eggs, vanilla, and almond extract and beat on medium-high speed for 3 minutes. Add in half of flour mixture and mix until just combined. Add in sour cream and milk, and mix until just combined. Add in remaining flour mixture and mix until just combined. Divide batter amongst the prepared cupcake pans, filling each liner just over 1/2 full. 

Bake in the preheated oven until cupcakes begin to turn golden brown and tops spring back when lightly touched, 22 to 26 minutes. Cool in the pans for 10 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely, about 30 minutes.

For coffee syrup, mix together hot water, espresso powder, sugar, and coffee liqueur until combined.

Use a toothpick to poke several holes in the top of each cupcake. Carefully pour about 1 tablespoon of the coffee soak over the top of each cupcake.

For mascarpone frosting: beat butter with an electric mixer until smooth, about 2 minutes. Beat in 1 cup confectioner’s sugar until combined. Add in remaining 1 1/2 cups confectioner’s sugar, vanilla, and salt; beat until totally smooth and combined. Add in heavy cream, and beat on medium speed until frosting is smooth and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add in cold mascarpone and mix on low speed until just combined. Do not beat longer or frosting will curdle and separate. Pipe or frost cupcakes as desired.

Place cocoa powder into a fine mesh sieve and gently sift cocoa powder over the top of frosted cupcakes. Refrigerate cupcakes for at least 30 minutes before serving. Store cupcakes in the refrigerator.
